Hola, Touko-san.
Hola, Lain.
Bien, a partir de hoy vamos a tratar a fondo qué es lo que te está preocupando, Lain-chan.
Lo siento.
I mean Lain.
Intentaremos resolver algunas cosas para que ya no tengas más pesadillas.
No he tenido muchas pesadillas últimamente. Aunque a veces escucho cosas.
¿Escuchas cosas? ¿Cómo que?
No lo sé.
Suena como si alguien hablase.
No me gusta escucharla, así que trato de ignorarlo.
Hmm. ¿Sabes de quién es la voz?
No lo sé. Podría ser un hombre o una mujer.
¿De dónde parecen venir las voces?
Del cielo.
¿Del cielo? ¿De qué parte del cielo?
De las líneas eléctricas, de alguna forma...
Las líneas eléctricas... ¿Sabes qué se encuentra dentro de ellas?
Cables que transportan electricidad.
Exacto. Transportan la electricidad que proviene de las centrales eléctricas. ¿Puedes sentir la electricidad?
No lo sé. A veces parece venir del cielo, no de los cables.
¿Te está molestando en este momento?
No, no tengo miedo ahora, pero...
Cuando hablaste con tu madre, ¿Te dijo que no le cuentes esto a nadie?
Uh-huh.
People who don’t hear these things would think strange things about you if you told them, huh?
You don’t have to worry about telling me anything you want to.
You don’t have to worry, okay?
I’m not going to think strange things about you.
Because I’m sick?
No, Lain. Let’s see. You know about "sleep paralysis"?
Is it when a demon comes out and you can’t move your body?
Right. Have you ever had that happen to you?
Many times.
It was frightening, wasn’t it?
Uh, huh.
Do you know why sleep paralysis happens?
Why?
The human body is very mysterious.
When you’re sleeping, there are times when your mind is awake, and times when your body is awake.
Do you understand?
Sort of...
Well, that’s good enough for now. What parts of you are awake right now?
Both?
Hmm.
Suppose I said something really scary right now, and you felt scared enough to run out of this room.
What would you do?
Run out of the room.
De acuerdo.
Suppose that you feel so scared that you want to run out of this room, but your body is asleep and you can’t move.
That's what sleep paralysis is.
So if you’re having a nightmare but your body is asleep and you can’t move, you are having sleep paralysis.
You see?
If you know what’s involved, it’s not so scary, is it?
No. It isn’t.